Update for KCSNA23 (#412)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/2023/kcsna/_index.md

---
title: "Contributor Summit North America 2023"
type: docs
weight: 1
description: >
  Kubernetes Contributor Summit North America, hosted in Chicago, Illinois.

---

### About

> The North America Summit will be a lightweight event taking place on November 6th

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The North America summit will be a full contributor summit event taking place on November 6th
```
This is a full event as we have the CFP going this time. Not necessarily a blocker to this getting merged, but something we'd want to follow up on before blasting comms out.

in Chicago, Illinois alongside 
<a href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">KubeCon</a>
at the
<a href="https://www.hyatt.com/en-US/hotel/illinois/hyatt-regency-mccormick-place/chimc" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">Hyatt Regency McCormick Place</a>.

The Summit will be a loosely organized event with a [relaxed schedule](/events/2023/kcsna/schedule),
 including a Steering AMA, several hours of Unconference Sessions, 
potential SIG and WG meetings, and a Documentation Sprint.  This will be followed
by a [Contributor Social](/events/2023/kcsna/social) with games and refreshments.

This page will be updated as more activities are scheduled. If you have
questions or comments, please reach out to the Summit Staff by emailing
summit-team@kubernetes.io or asking in the
<a href="https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/contributor-summit" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">#contributor-summit</a>
slack channel.

[location]: /events/2023/kcsna/location/

### Recordings

The links to recordings and photos will be published after the event.

> ### Call for Papers
> 
> A [CFP] for sessions will be open through Friday, October 6th.
> 
> [CFP]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1z7TnjixN9fiuQulF-EU9rw7_U9I-I8HNOv28IAFsHZc/viewform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Call for Papers

The CFP will be launching soon, check back here for more info!

```

The CFP link points to the one from EU, need to update things with the new one when its available.

---
title: "Contributor Summit North America 2023"
type: docs
weight: 1
description: >
  Kubernetes Contributor Summit North America, hosted in Chicago, Illinois.

---

### About

The North America Summit will be a lightweight event taking place on November 6th
in Chicago, Illinois alongside 
<a href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">KubeCon</a>
at the
<a href="https://www.hyatt.com/en-US/hotel/illinois/hyatt-regency-mccormick-place/chimc" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">Hyatt Regency McCormick Place</a>.

The Summit will be a loosely organized event with a [relaxed schedule](/events/2023/kcsna/schedule),
 including a Steering AMA, several hours of Unconference Sessions, 
potential SIG and WG meetings, and a Documentation Sprint.  This will be followed
by a [Contributor Social](/events/2023/kcsna/social) with games and refreshments.

This page will be updated as more activities are scheduled. If you have
questions or comments, please reach out to the Summit Staff by emailing

> community@kubernetes.io or asking in the

Reviewer: All the instances of community@kubernetes.io we'll want to replace with summit-team@kuberrnetes.io (or whatever it is if we want to rename it)

Author: Done. Thank you!!

<a href="https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/contributor-summit" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">#contributor-summit</a>
slack channel.

[location]: /events/2023/kcsna/location/

### Recordings

The links to recordings and photos will be published after the event.

### Call for Papers

TODO: update the date and CFP link below:
A [CFP] for sessions will be open through Friday, October 6th.

> [CFP]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1z7TnjixN9fiuQulF-EU9rw7_U9I-I8HNOv28IAFsHZc/viewform

Reviewer: All the TODOs can probably just be removed until we have more info, or replaced with 'TBD'

Author: Thank you! I'll remove old links/info and put TBD until we have more information, would that be OK?

Author: We now have proper links for Reg and CFP
